1) What is a variable?

	Values or operations that are contained with an assigned type.

2) What is a variable declaration?
	
	When you assign a varialbe type (int, String, etc) to a variable name. All together looking like; int num;
                 
3) What is a variable assignment?

	Giving a variable a value.

4) Can I declare and assign a variable on the same line?

	Yes

5) Can a method return more than one value?

	No

6) What return type must be declared for methods that do not return a value?

	Void

7) How are code blocks marked in Java?

	You use curly braces {....} to contain blocks of functioning code.

8) What makes up a method's signature?

	Name, number, and parameters of a method. MyMethod1(String[] args)

9) What is a method parameter?

	A set data type that the method is assigned to deal with.

10) How many parameters can a method have?

	Roughly 255

11) Do all of the parameters for a method have to be of the same type?

	No they can be different types.

12) What does the import keyword do?

	Allows you to use classes in different packages without using the whole package.

13) What is the naming convention for Java classes?

	Java follows camelCase syntax for naming class, interface, method and variable.

14) What is the naming convention for Java variables?

	Should use camelCasing with first word being all lower case letters and the second word starting with an upper case letter.

15) What is the naming convention for Java methods?

	Should use camelCasing as well and make the name a verb.

16) What is a method body?

	It is the method code below the name and parameters encased in curly brackets {...}

17) What is an array?

	It is a list of elements that have a uniform type. They are preceded by there type name with square brackets and naming conventions work the same as variables.

18) When is it better to use a for loop over a while loop?

	It is better to use a for loop with an something like an array where you have a list of items that the loop can cycle through. When you have certain result you are trying to acheive like getting a variable to return a specific value then while loops are best. 

19) What is the difference between a while loop and a do/while loop?

	while loops place their conditions on top of its code. d/while loops place their conditions at the bottom running at least one cycle before deciding whether to repeat.

20) What is a switch statement?

	A switch statement tests a variable against a list of values that are predetermined. The switch statement reads the variable and then directs the code to its ordained case that has the next step of the code.

21) What is scope?

	Scope refers to how accessible a variable is. Variables declared within a method have a small scope having usage restricted to that area.